weird mall
breed mall crap I guess I should have
put a couple of more hours into
geopolitics when I was president clearly
this entire area is a war zone and both
sides are likely to shoot at us
the soldiers are all paranoid and the
c'mere beige rebels hates everyone with
an IQ above 10 so how do we find Larkin
I'll call the proprietor the dope big
Billy franchise and set up a rendezvous
goes by the name of Tron oh one of your
pawns who sells ground up people to his
neighbors I can't wait for this
around
are you Tron yes hallelujah I was
burning up in there I can't believe this
heat it's not the heat it's the humidity
gosh thanks for the tip now tell me
where I can find clock-in they spit on
him and his fiendish clucking kitchens
his unfair competition I sucked off my
customer my Big Willie hash remote you
work for parks alright Krakens deal with
the command beige army is to clear out
the path of your debt and end this
source of cheap prime human meat copycat
I can't compete with those prices
plugins bass is nearby the ancient
temple it's protected from your sorcerer
sneak inside and shut down his defensive
mechanism but first a resupply convoy is
on their way to the base if they get
inside you'll never sneak in undetected
okay kill the supply convoys got it
they think I'm an intellectual why you
sons of
they are trucks on the bridge quickly
congratulations you destroy just enough
of the trucks to make entering the base
easier report back to the saucer